>> So I would hike down, swim,
and hang out at the heiau,
which is where a lot of the
locals and auntie and uncles
and kind of Kahuna elders would
hang out at this very sacred
site.
And I did this a lot.
And the locals took
notice of me and started
calling me Dolphin Girl.
And I came out of
the bay one day,
and this auntie who
has now crossed over,
she was sitting at the
heiau site, stringing a lei.
And she said, you.
Come here.
We know what you are.
She said, you may have
been born of Earth.
But we see you as
being from the stars.
You're a representative
of the stars.
And she told me, you
spend as much time
as you can with those dolphins.
And then it was very lovely
too, and gave me like, you know,
aloha.
And I think even
in that moment, she
called me a kama'aina, which
is a child of the land.
And to receive that welcoming
from a Hawaiian auntie is just,
I mean, it's sacred.
>> Gita Rose.
>> Reuben Langdon.
>> Here we are in Hawaii.
>> Amazing.
>> So beautiful.
>> We just had an amazing week.
>> We did.
>> And we did our
ETA contact retreat.
Our first--
>> Our first ever, the
maiden voyage of it.
Yeah.
>> I think you went pretty good.
How do you feel about it?
>> Oh, it was a success.
It went very well, absolutely.
And had other channelers
to come here to be with us,
and people that resonate
with connecting to their star
family.
And we had dolphin visits
and whale interaction
and just beautiful connection
with people and friends
and family.
And yeah.
>> And you're channeler?
>> Yes I am.
>> An actress?
>> An actor--
>> Singer.
>> --an artist, singer,
dancer, channel.
A human.
>> A human.
>> Yeah.
>> On planet Earth.
>> How did this
all start for you?
How did you get into channeling?
How did you get into being you?
>> Yeah.
Yeah.
Well, channeling
Bella specifically
has been a 10 year journey.
And remembering my
connection with her
and with the other hybrids.
But I've always been a channel,
even though I didn't have
that word in my vocabulary.
Always been an actor, telling
stories, singing songs.
I was so connected to
imagination and the land
and elementals.
Always, that was a frame
of perspective for me.
But vocal channeling itself,
and extraterrestrials, I
had no awareness of.
I think when I was young,
I had seen "The X-Files,"
and seen like,
those what if UFOs--
you know?
And this was in the
mid to late 90s.
So I had a concept, a
very, very narrow scope
of extraterrestrials and aliens.
But it was like complete
blinders were on.
And it was like, oh,
that's boy stuff.
Like, sci-fi stuff is boy stuff.
Sci-fi.
Yeah, and it was just blinders.
And I had a reading with
a friend of mine who--
it was my first introduction
to clairaudients, or
clairsentients,
clairvoyant connections.
And just the fact that someone
had that type of connection
with self, it was the first
psychic that I'd met in person.
I was like, you have to
tell me everything you know,
like, it's real?
Magic is real?
And so, she gave me a reading.
And said, you have all of
these extraterrestrials
in your space.
And I didn't even
know what that meant.
And she explains, oh,
in your auric field,
in your agreements,
in your energy.
It was like, aliens are real?
She's like, yeah.
I think so.
And a lot of other
people think so too.
And in that moment, oh, duh!
Aliens are real.
Came to my mind.
It was just like, the grass
is green, the sky is blue.
Duh.
And then I also had
the understanding,
not only do they exist, but
it's part of our human genome.
It's part of what we
understand to be modern human.
And that came in that instant.
And then a few weeks later, she
invited me over to her house
and we were beginning to
be really good friends.
And kind of diving
down different rabbit
holes, different esoteric
thought and a bit
of conspiracy
exploration theories
or alternative truths,
histories, alternative reality
exploration.
And she offered for me to smoke
a bit of marijuana with her.
And I, in the past, had
no frame of reference
for these very expansive
states of consciousness.
So when I was a
teenager, marijuana
would activate like, this
deep transcendental like,
transcendental meditation,
where I would feel
like I was speaking with God.
And my punk rock
friends are listening
to The Misfits and throwing
Funyuns at each other.
And it was like, it was
scary for me, because I
didn't know what it was.
>> Was it more in a party sense?
Or--
>> Yeah, exactly.
Yeah.
There was no ceremony or
ritual or, you know, I mean,
it's its own ritual and
its own ceremony in a way,
and its own spiritual
exploration.
But in terms of what it can
truly activate for someone,
I had no foundation
of awareness for it.
But at this point, up to
meeting my friend Jen,
I had began some interest
in traditional Vipassana
meditation.
And had a bit more of an
understanding of those states.
And so when she invited
to partake and enjoy
the marijuana, I was like, yeah.
OK.
That feels really fun.
Like, sure.
And I took one really good hit.
And I immediately just felt
this huge, overwhelming fear.
And I felt comfortable enough
to express this to her.
And she offered to
lead me through what's
called a parts work exercise.
So you allow the emotion to
take a form, a shape, an animal,
a being, whatever it
represents itself as.
And to create a safe space.
And for me, she used the
place of a theater, which
for me was really comforting.
Very homey.
And allowed the form,
or whatever it was,
the fear, to take the
expression on the stage.
And in that moment, it
turned into a dragon for me.
And she said, and get as
far away as you need to.
So immediately, I
went all the way up
against the back
wall of the theater,
the very back, back,
back, tippy-top balcony,
and watched the dragon.
And it was a bit of a meditation
that she led me through.
But, in my own time,
getting closer and closer
to the dragon.
So I went then to the
mezzanine, down into the floor,
to the orchestra, and then right
up to the lip of the stage.
And once I allowed myself
up to the lip of the stage,
the dragon's scales
turned into mirrors.
And I understood the
fractal of everything
and the interconnectivity
of everything
and that everything is a mirror.
And once I received
that, I was, in a way,
shot up into the
catwalk where they
hang the lights, the tippy-top
perspective of the theater.
And I was encased in
this really sweet cocoon.
It's what it felt like.
And I was aware that my body
was talking in that moment.
That's when the
channeling began.
So I was very aware
that there were
words coming out of my mouth.
And I was also
simultaneously receiving
energy pictures, and
very clear precise words
that were different from
what was coming out.
>> Did you know
what was being said?
>> No, not really.
No.
And this was a very
comfortable state for me.
Because a lot of
times, it'll happen,
you know, when you're
on stage that, you know,
kind of go through the routine,
and the words are coming out,
the song and dance
is coming out.
But there's still
that rolling like,
oh, I didn't eat enough today
or, you know, whatever it is.
And so that split awareness
was really cozy for me.
And then I began to receive
more specific information
and invitation.
They were explaining themselves
to be extraterrestrial
in nature.
So that I would
understand simply enough.
That this is how
they make contact
is through biological
receivers and transmitters,
that I have an agreement,
and would I like to begin?
>> Did they say who they were?
>> No.
Uh-uh.
But the frequency
was so specific.
And I was told very
boldly and bravely
and honestly that we won't
sugar coat it for you.
There is going to be a period
where this is challenging.
And you will feel
slightly alienated--
pun intended.
That was said.
So the humor was already
beginning to come through.
But we can promise you,
this is observation.
>> What does that mean?
>> Just meaning,
this is how it is.
I'm wearing a black shirt.
You're wearing a gray shirt.
This is how it is.
We can promise you that at the
end of the day, once you reach
the, you know, the certain level
of the mountain, you will know
that love is real, that magic
is real, that imagination
is the key to everything.
Everything that you had
an inkling about when
you were a child, you will
know to the fiber of your being
that it's just how it is.
And, so I came out of it.
And Jen was very
reassuring, and knew that
to tell me, OK, so that's
called vocal channeling.
It's a thing.
It's a phenomenon.
And the energy that came
through is very specific.
You may want to go and check
out this particular channel, who
is well-known in this circle.
And so I did.
And I went and listened
to some YouTube videos
and had this just visceral
response, just crying and like,
remembering something I
had forgotten I forgot.
>> Something you-- remembering
something you've forgotten that
you forgot.
>> Yeah.
Because sometimes, like,
we can, like be aware.
We're like, oi.
You know, I feel like I
forgot something, right?
>> Like a deja vu
kind of moment?
>> Kind of, yeah.
Yeah, kind of just
this spiral of like I--
like I forgot I even
forgot about it.
>> OK.
>> Yeah.
Like, whoa.
It was like a full re-membering.
And so once the activation and
the spark began to blossom,
synchronicity just
began to unfold.
That gave me more affirmation
that this very much, in ways,
is a lineage, is a family.
And then I'm not the only one.
I'm not alone in this.
Meeting different
channelers and finding
different people
that were connected
to this particular lineage.
And so that was just really
soothing and really calming.
Because at times, it
was, like they told me,
it's going to be a little
challenging, a little intense.
But finding that
connection and that network
and that family was
really supportive.
>> And the lineages,
is that the Yahyel?
>> Yeah so the Yahyel are
one of the five hybrid races.
So they're also
connected to and family
with the Sassani or Shakani.
There's also the ShaYahYel.
There's many different labels
for these different five races,
that throughout the years, I
begin to remember and connect
with more.
But in those early
years, it was more so
the human representatives
that I was kind
of finding and understanding.
And, of course-- and
having certain dreams
with the being that
I like to call Eely,
that's been, in the Sassani
language, that means mirror.
So again, the dragon showed
itself as the mirror.
And then in different dreams,
I had different rememberings
of this Eely being,
that is the mirror.
And also the messenger.
And it's kind of fun.
We can say it without saying it.
But if people are
part of it, they
know who we're talking about.
So, that's kind of sweet.
And all the while,
too, I was being
taught how to
channel the channel,
without medicine or marijuana.
So being taught through
meditation and guidance
how to alter my own frequency to
get into the channeling state.
>> So the marijuana kind of
acted as a permission slip
to experience that frequency?
>> Yeah.
And it-
>> And then you
could go back there.
You could revisit it.
>> Yeah, I could revisit it.
And it just, it activated it.
I think there may be
even certain things
within the chemical components
of the plant that perfectly
aligned with my body.
And I don't know all
the science about it.
Might be fun to
research that later.
But it just felt like, I
mean, complete take off.
>> Yeah, I've had many plant
medicine experiences that,
once I found it, then later,
without the medicines,
I could go back and revisit--
>> Absolutely.
And that's the point
of the permission slip.
Absolutely.
So I would feel--
I describe it as
like, a knocking.
I would feel the energy
very politely knocking.
>> Yup.
>> And it was always my choice.
That was also part of
the initial download,
is you will choose and re-choose
and re-choose this agreement.
Every time that you enter
into that channeling state,
it's the one moment choice.
>> It's not like something's
taking you over and you kind
of--
>> No.
Never.
No.
And if I could do it today--
I can do it today.
>> Yup.
>> And channel and then
see how far it goes.
If I choose, you know,
two years from now
to not do this, to
never go public with it,
like, even in this now,
I'm like, very aware.
I'm like, oh, I'm re-choosing
the choice to do this.
>> Right, right.
>> Now it's part of the-- yeah.
Now it's part of the
initial download as well.
So that was part
of the training was
feeling the power of choice.
And basically, that
allowed me to begin
to raise my frequency so I could
match the frequency of what
it was I was connecting to.
I didn't know what it
was at that time either.
I was just full trust with it.
It just felt so nice and
just fun and playful.
And also quite
intelligent and precise.
And very skilled, like,
this is not our first rodeo.
Like, we got you.
Like, this is some--
we're like, you know,
this is what-- this
is how we do it.
This is protocol.
So there was that structure
within the lineage that
felt really comforting as well.
Like I just felt like another
student going to school.
But it was this, you know,
me sitting in a chair
and meditating and being
led through these different
emotions within myself to look
at different aspects of my ego
and let it go, getting
comfortable with being
uncomfortable.
>> Yeah.
Yup.
>> Getting comfortable with--
>> Were you doing it
in front of people?
>> No, no, no.
This is just me.
This was in the
very first months
of me learning how to
channel, of me learning
how to raise my frequency
to be in the state
where sounds would
even come through.
It was silent for months.
Of me just being led through
these different meditation
activations around honoring
seeing the emotion,
knowing what it is, and feeling
the emotion for the sake
of the emotion itself.
And then finding the
belief underneath it
and realizing, oh, and
like, letting it go,
and moving through.
This was all part of me
learning how to channel.
>> Gotcha.
>> So that's why I call, I
was channeling the channel.
>> Yeah, yeah, yeah.
>> And a big teaching that
came through was getting really
comfortable in doubt and knowing
that whatever comes through is,
you know, what needs
to come through.
Resting in the unknown.
>> Yup.
>> And that there is a knowing
in knowing that we don't know.
>> Yup.
>> And that is
something that we know.
And just getting really
comfortable in that.
And then eventually,
words started to come.
Or sounds came first, actually.
Pardon me.
Like, sounds and light
language kind of things.
>> Did you know what light
language was at the time, or--
>> You know, I may
have come across it.
But I don't think--
I don't think so really.
It was a few years
later where I was
able to listen to other
people and was like, whoa.
Fun.
That's so like, similar to
what's coming through me.
It was a bit later
that was more of like,
a synchronicity for me.
And I think I got
to a phase where
some kind of sentences and
monologues were coming through.
But very short.
>> OK.
>> And I received
the guidance that,
it's going to be so much more
fun and really easy for you
if you just ask friends that
you think are maybe kind
of interested and have them
ask whatever is coming through,
ask questions.
>> OK.
>> And there were many different
things that came in and out
that I understood was part of
the process of working through
different aspects
of my ego construct,
my personality construct.
Different aspects of my negative
ego or limiting constructs.
And being just part
of the process to
find, eventually,
whatever the entity was.
>> And what part of the country
were you in at this time?
>> I was where I
was born and raised.
So Marin County, just
north of San Francisco.
Yeah.
>> And at one point,
you lived in Hawaii?
>> Yes.
>> OK.
>> Yeah.
So that was a bit late--
shortly after.
So the activation, the
remembering happened.
I began kind of playing
around with channeling.
And I started to remember
also interactions
with the greys, a very
specific type of gray that
is connected to this lineage.
So I'll go into it briefly,
just if some people haven't
heard it before.
Because it's important
to understand.
So they are a very specific
timeline of humanity
that de-evolved,
essentially, that had
a heavy reliance on technology.
And severed their connection
with, essentially,
what we can label the feminine
aspect, the emotional aspect,
that then resulted in a severe
disconnect with their planet.
The planet became uninhabitable.
They had to go
inside of the planet.
They began cloning themselves.
And eventually lost the
ability to procreate.
As it's been shown to me, it
was in this specific timeline,
humanity then died out.
And even in one timeline,
even in one thread
of all of the potential
timelines, it's like, oh,
we just-- we don't
want this to happen.
>> Right.
>> Like the one was like, no.
Like, this can't--
it's so special.
And so, the mantis
beings sent the awareness
of a certain type of technology
that is the body of the gray
that they could fully
transition themselves
into this particular body.
And then-- which is a
prototype body that gets
used throughout the multiverse.
This is why I feel it's
really relevant to be like,
this is a very
specific type of gray.
Because there are many
different types of souls
that can utilize
this prototype body.
>> I see.
>> And with the
aid of the mantis,
and the aid really just
of the collective will,
these specific types of
gray beings, the [HEBREW],,
as they're being called,
which is a Hebrew word that
translates to
hunger or emptiness.
They were able to connect in
a sense travel back in time.
Connect with different
parallel versions
existing in the one moment
of their over souls.
>> OK.
>> To have an agreement with
different aspects of themself,
to be able to collect
physical DNA, energetic DNA,
emotional DNA, intelligence.
To begin to create
these hybrid races.
And to also serve
as an activation
in ways for specific timelines.
As I understand it,
our timeline of human
would be activated to
becoming a little bit closer
to a version of the
next hybrid race.
So this gets really like,
it's a lot of cosmology.
It's a lot of information.
>> Yeah.
I've covered a lot of
it in the show already.
>> Sure.
I just-- I think it's so
important to boil it down
to the morals of it, right?
>> Yeah, yeah.
Totally.
>> Because it just-- it's just--
I think it's very true.
But there's some
people that are like,
maybe when they're
listening, you know?
Like, and it's just,
honor your emotions
and the connection
with each other
with the planet.
And like, that's something
that we can all get behind.
>> For sure.
>> You know?
Regardless of how far
out we need to go,
it's just a really
beautiful story.
>> Yup.
>> So at this
point, I began to--
and I state that because, if
there's just one person that
is learning this, hearing
this for the first time,
without that kind of grounding
of the importance just
of the story, we tend
to go really far out.
>> Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
>> And that's where I went.
>> Oh, OK.
>> Oh, I went.
Because also too, I was--
oh yeah.
Because that's part of the
process, too, of once we make
these really high frequency
family, very close connections,
we begin to be activated by
the translation of our highest
joy, which part of the process
is getting that slightly
confused with anxiety.
Because that brings up all
the fun, interesting beliefs
that we get to look at, right?
So it's so important just
to read that in the story.
And that was my
personal experience
is I got really confused for
a bit there in different ways.
But also, that
allowed me to begin
to remember different
memories from my childhood.
This would happen in the dreams.
This would happen in like,
daydream states, meditations.
I also had a few very
physical sightings of craft.
>> Yup.
Taken aboard ships?
That kind of stuff?
>> Yeah.
Yeah.
And memories of it.
So it seems like it's been
part of the grand design
for my experience to
have it rest somewhere
in the dream state.
And I so deeply honor
those individuals
that have come from
earlier generations where
it is, without a
shadow of a doubt,
that something physical
has come into their space.
>> Right, right.
>> And that's perhaps where we
get the more classic abduction
term from.
Because understandably, we're
interacting with an aspect
of our own denial.
>> Yup.
>> You know?
That's what it is.
In terms of the gray in
this particular [HEBREW],,
it's an aspect of what has
been suppressed now coming
up and mirroring itself.
And so, that's going to
bring up all sorts of things
in terms of the fear and
the, I mean, the deep trauma
being reflected.
So I so greatly honor what
people have gone through.
And there's also many
different other programs
where people could be having
different experience as well.
But for me, it's been
mainly in this dream realm.
And it's been my
journey to fully know
and inner stand within myself
that there is a fine hair's
difference between what
we call the astral dream
and what we experience
as the physical dream.
It's really fine.
So-- but yes.
Remembering
experiences on craft.
Many different teachers within
the lineage, different aspects
of the Sassani, Shakani--
there's different evolutions
of these different beings,
as well.
Different timelines,
different densities.
Again, there's like--
>> Sure, sure.
>> It's a big--
it's lots of books.
And the YahYel as well.
And then also, elemental beings.
Different beings from Norse
mythology would come in.
So I was beginning to
open up to the other side.
>> Wow.
The whole gamut.
>> The whole gamut.
Yeah.
And it was really
loving and very kind.
And then in times, you
know, I would also,
because it was the experience
to kind of go super far out
and come back, you know,
in terms of the anxiety.
And began to resonate
myself as what
we might call hybridized human.
>> Mm-hmm.
>> So something that was very
much born here, very human.
But have received different
activations along the way.
And I'm by far not the only one.
>> True.
I've had hybrids
on the show before.
>> OK cool.
We're here.
(SINGING) I know who
I am and the things.
I've done.
I know I'm here in service.
Here for the one.
I am the character on the stage.
We only ever know so
far down the page.
Recall line.
And wait for our divine.
One, two, three, four.
(SINGING) Galactic
intuition, transition age.
What?
Gita, this is Gita.
I don't-- a song for your Gita.
Oh.
Galactic intuition,
transition age.
Balance.
Gita, my name is Gita.
It's nice to meet ya.
Flow.
Twice I said no to the
game I walked away.
Well now, we're coming together,
and we found the way to play.
All our ancestors are
stars and they say
that they're the same as us.
So now it's time
to make me famous.
Shit!
Go!
Gita, this is Gita.
A song for your Gita.
Galactic intuition,
transition age.
One more.
Gita, this is Gita.
It's nice to meet ya.
Oh I remember that rainbow door.
But forever more,
on the stage, it's
galactic intuition
transition age.
Then the calling of
Hawaii began to come.
I never really had
a big excitement
of coming to these lands.
My dad, Darrell-- his
name is Darrell Taylor--
lived on Oahu for
a couple of years
after his service in the navy.
It's funny, he still wears
Hawaiian shirts to this day.
He had come here and
lived here for a while.
So I had that connection.
But it just really just
kind of came out of nowhere.
And--
>> Was he here at the time?
>> No, no, no.
That was in the--
way before I was born.
>> OK.
>> So he was in the
late 70s, early 80s.
>> OK.
>> He lived on Oahu
for a few years.
But that was really
the only connection
that I had with these lands.
But it began to feel
more and more important
that I come here.
And that Hawaii was
a representation
and a symbol of planet Earth.
And as I was connecting to all
of these galactic energies,
that it would help me ground.
Simply enough.
And find union with the
stars and the Earth.
And bring that together.
And then I would be able to, in
ways, like, return to the womb,
and rebirth myself.
And it would be this just
supremely loving, feminine,
powerful space that was also
very integral and intentional.
But had so much flow and support
for me to bloom and blossom.
And I knew that I
would need to be here
for an extended amount
of time, that I would
need to get a one way ticket.
But it was overwhelming for me.
>> Sure.
>> And so I didn't
jump right away.
Because I think I did know
enough about the lands
to know the, perhaps, the
story that outsiders aren't
necessarily treated very well.
That there may be a bit of
a judgment or non openness
to outsiders coming in.
And I was also seeing
myself as a symbol
as something bringing,
perhaps, what
we would call a very
alien frequency to Earth,
and kind of balancing that
outsider coming to Earth.
>> Gotcha.
>> So I was really taking my
time and listening and making
sure.
And then synchronicities
started to come in.
And I still like,
pushed it away.
Pushed it away.
Because it was just a lot.
And at the time, I was
working at a really fun
vintage boutique.
I was the assistant manager of
a vintage boutique in downtown
San Rafael in Marin County.
And one day, a group
of Hawaiians come in.
And they're wearing
Hawaiian shirts.
And just the sweetest
uncle auntie energy.
And they ask me, hey, could
we play ukulele in your store?
Could we sing in your store?
And the glint behind
this one uncle's eye,
this like, trickster knowingness
just caught my breath.
But I said, yeah,
of course, you know?
And I never-- I didn't
ask, you know, why or how
did you know to come here?
Or why are you here?
You know?
But because I almost don't want
to like, break the magic of it,
you know?
So they sat and played
their music in the store
and all these people came
in, made a whole bunch
of sales that day.
It was really magical, yeah.
And but still, I didn't go.
I still was like, didn't go.
And then I--
>> But you had the
calling, though?
>> Oh, for sure.
>> Yeah, yeah.
>> It was for months.
For months, this
calling, and like,
the drumbeat was getting louder.
But I kept pushing it away.
And then I had a dream where
I was swimming with dolphins.
And again, dolphins are great.
At that point, I
was slightly aware
that they have connections
to galactic frequencies,
that they're portals
and connections
and they're able to--
that they're aliens, in a way,
right here in our own ocean.
I had somewhat of
awareness of that.
And it was nothing that was
ever an excitement of mine
to go swim with dolphins.
It was just, you know?
And, I'm swimming with
them in this dream.
And then I hear this
thundering, [NON-ENGLISH]..
And I wake up, like I've been
dropped back in to my body.
And I had a good
enough understanding
of phonetic spelling to be able
to sound it out and type it in
and look it up.
And found out that it translates
to gateway of the gods.
And that it is a specific bay
on the big island of Hawaii.
And that a lot of dolphins
are known to swim there.
And it's a sacred site,
a kapu forest, a heiau,
which is a sacred site
where they honor gods.
So I booked a one way ticket.
I had a big backpack and $800.
And knew enough of the
teachings of the hybrid lineage
at this point to follow my joy.
And so I landed a really sweet
work trade at a beautiful place
called Pineapple Park.
And I helped make
beds and clean house.
And was close enough to the
King Kamehameha Trail, which
is a very sacred
trail that goes down
to the Captain Cook's Monument.
>> Right, right.
>> If we want to look at it
in terms of a larger story,
was perhaps how I
resonate, in a way,
as the outsider coming
from somewhere else.
And how do we do
this with integrity?
You know?
How do we have this
union and this merge
and this re-connection
in a new way?
And then from there, I
just followed my instincts.
And the land began
to speak to me more.
And I would go
down to Kealakekua,
and I would swim
with the dolphins
and spend hours and hours
and hours with them.
And learned that
telepathy is very real.
Even though I had begun
to trust that and know
that with the
channeling, it just
made it that much more
concrete in my experience.
I began to get more memories
of my connection as a hybrid.
And also my connection
to other programs.
But that made me really strong.
Remembering some
of these things.
And also was able to tap
into some of the techniques
that I learned in these
different programs.
And teaching me to be
able to swim deeper,
so I could stay
with them longer.
But also knowing how
it is appropriate
what protocols to
use when interacting
with an alien species.
So learning them as
animals, we might say.
So knowing when they're resting.
It's not appropriate.
Sometimes, you know, we do it.
But it's not optimum.
It's not the best way
to interact with them
when they're sleeping.
>> Right.
>> Knowing that sometimes, it
may look like they're playing.
But no, they're slapping
the keiki, the babies,
and you know, go to bed.
You know?
And learning them as a
culture, as their own race.
And me feeling, again,
giving me the opportunity
to allow myself to feel more so
like the alien or the outsider
or the malihini, the newcomer.
To learn what is
appropriate and how
do we best make contact
with another race,
with an alien species.
And so from there, I
continued to play and explore
and also continue to channel.
>> OK.
>> And to share with people and
aligned with people that knew
of a particular lineage and
were excited to, you know,
see what I had to share.
And at that point,
too, that's really
when it solidified into
being a hybrid child.
And I knew it was a girl, it
was a child at that point.
And I understood her to
be of the Yahyel race.
But she was young.
But it was, the
doors had opened.
And there was the
singular entity
that had presented herself that
was really exciting for me.
And aligning with
synchronicities.
She said that she--
her ship-- she
was on a ship that
was above Maui, above
Haleakala that she still
continues to say till this day.
>> Did that happen while
you were in Hawaii?
That came through?
>> And it was very,
very specific.
And then I had a confirmation--
a loose confirmation,
in a way-- just of the
importance of Maui and people
being called Brigitte Nielsen,
was writing her blog at that
point, and shared that she--
around the same day--
that she had been
called to go to Maui.
And I was like, oh OK.
She had her hybrid children
blog at that point.
And it just, it was a sweet
kind of confirmation, in a way.
And--
>> When did you get the tattoos?
>> That was a few
months later, I suppose.
So I had a vision of these
very specific spirals
on my shoulder.
And I went to a tattoo
artist in Kailua Kona.
Because I was wanting tattoos.
I had many different
ideas for tattoos.
And he asked, what do
you-- what's one of them?
And I said, well, I've got
an idea of these spirals
on my shoulder.
And he's like, what
kind of spiral?
It's like, I don't know
how to describe it.
It's like a double--
I don't know.
And he, so he opened up,
he had a symbol book.
And I was like, oh!
That one!
That's it right there.
He's like, OK.
That's a really powerful symbol.
And he saw that specifically
on your shoulders.
And I was like, yeah.
And he's like, that's a
really traditional tattoo
from Indonesia.
>> Oh, OK.
Not Hawaii?
>> Mm-mm.
I mean, I think it's been
used all through, you know,
the South Pacific.
>> OK.
>> But he specifically
said Indonesia and Ireland.
>> Ireland too?
>> Ireland.
And they would tattoo
them on the shoulders
to signify going
into the journey,
or going into the
battle, whether it
be an external battle or the
internal physical battle.
It was done for both reasons.
And he also told
me, in that moment,
it's a really sacred
symbol because it
is the depiction of our galaxy.
Different galaxies take on
different spiral patterns.
And this specific
one is our galaxy.
And he said, you should really--
I highly recommend that
you get that tattooed.
If you saw that in the
vision, it's powerful.
>> Yeah.
>> And he also said
that traditionally,
in specifically Indonesia,
and in specifically Ireland,
tattoos were done by women.
>> Oh.
>> And he said, so I
advise you, and I--
to go to this specific
tattoo artist who is a woman.
She was born here
on the islands.
I don't want to
tattoo that on you.
He was not from here.
He was a male.
And he was like, no.
Please, like, I don't want
to take your money for that.
Come back to me
for something else.
But go to a--
and he specifically recommended
a particular tattoo artist.
And it's interesting.
This was definitely
before Disney
released the movie "Moana."
So when that movie came out--
>> I forgot.
She has tattoos?
>> No, she doesn't have tattoos.
But it's on her sail.
>> Oh, it's on her sail.
OK.
>> And this very specific spiral
is on the heart of the ocean
that she gives back to Nafiti.
So she's able to bring
the heart and allow
the feminine
expression of the will
back into its rightful place.
And the movement.
And Moana is aided by Maui
to be able to do this.
So there is a lot of
interesting synchronicities.
And we're all echoes
of each other, right?
We're all stories.
And there's all these fractals.
And there's all the, you kn
ow, the chicken and the egg way
of telling story.
And always just different
mirrors of each other.
So that was a fun
synchronicity for me.
>> Nice.
So then, we got to Hawaii.
How do we get back to where
you started channeling
and then now, you're
part of my show?
>> Yeah.
Right?
At some point, I just knew
that it was time for me
to come back to the mainland.
That the lands would
always be with me
and it was time to go on to
the next phase of the hero's
journey.
I saw a ship one night shortly
after I had returned home.
I had a long day at work.
I had a very long day.
6:00 in the morning
working in a coffee shop,
and then taught a yoga
class, and then played music
with my friends.
It was like, a 15 hour day.
And I was getting out of my car
in a residential neighborhood,
again in San Rafael.
And I saw a triangular shaped
craft go over the houses,
right across the street
and behind the hill.
And it was about the
size of a 50 cent piece.
>> OK.
>> It was like, you
know, a good size.
And I had a thought like, oh.
That's very real.
That's not from here.
That's like, Sassani
galactic federation.
Oh look at that.
Like, look at the details.
Like, that looks exactly like
it would look like in a movie.
Like, I could even see like,
the, like, hexagon imprints
of the lights.
You know?
It was like, very detailed.
And in my mind,
I was like, yeah.
OK.
Cool.
Like, our CGI's
getting really good.
That's not CGI.
Like, that's what it would
look like in a movie.
And I was very blase about it.
And then it crossed behind
the trees and behind the hill.
And I knew I could go and run
up after it if I wanted to,
like, just to be sure
to like, see it again.
>> Right.
>> But my honest excitement
was just to go to bed.
I was like, what's up, dudes?
Like, I know who you are.
Like, thanks.
It's good.
I'm good.
I'm just-- I'm going to bed.
Like, whatever.
And I was so blase about it.
And I unpacked my things
and was brushing my teeth
and looked at myself in the
mirror, and was like, dude.
Stop.
Just take a minute.
You saw that.
That was very, very real.
Acknowledge this special moment.
And also acknowledge how
perfect your response was.
You were just so
natural and like,
that's what we were
looking for, in a way.
It was just like,
what's up, you know?
And then at that point, I
began to know that it was time.
This was perhaps
a few years ago.
I wrote a very long blog
that a lot of people read.
I did it in stages.
Because it was very much in
my integrity to make sure
that I had integrated
as much as possible.
That I had understood
really fully,
it's always about the story.
There was also
synchronicities that
needed to happen with
different friends, different co
creators, different
mirrors, different channels
of their own spirit that allowed
for the alignment of the Isabel
name to come through.
>> Right, right, right.
>> The bell that rings
spontaneously on its own in one
channeling with an individual.
And then, I never told
that story to anyone.
And then there was--
it was resonated through
the sound of my voice.
My voice hit a frequency
that I'd never felt.
And as a vocalist, that was
pretty impressive for me
to experience a part
of my range and a part
of the mask in this part of
the voice that I'd never felt.
And it was sent through me.
And I had that split duality
again, like, ooh, wait for it.
Wait for it.
And then ding.
A bell went off
in the next room.
>> So you kind of
knew it was coming?
>> Yeah.
I was prepared for it.
And prepared for the sound
to come through as well.
Everything is so artfully,
strategically, perfectly done,
where I am always taken care
of, and always making sure
that my body is going
to be, you know,
never harmed or
anything in the process.
And that's part of
my alignment, right,
of matching her frequency.
And then there-- I never
told that story to anyone
except for the individual
that was in the room.
And then I was with another
friend of mine, Kyle.
And he asked, when I was
channeling for friends, just
still privately,
do you have a name?
And she said, we think it's
fun if you get it for yourself.
We're whispering it
to you right now.
And he said, I just
heard is a bell.
And oh.
That's it.
Great.
So then I was in the channeling.
And can look through
certain windows,
be more conscious when
it's relevant for me.
And so I was very aware
that it just happened.
And was like, whoa.
OK.
So we had her name.
>> You finally got a name.
Yeah, yeah.
>> We had her name now.
So again, the synchronicity
began to unfold.
And there came a point where,
again, synchronicity aligned.
And I knew that it was time for
me to step from the shadows.
The number of dreams
and physical reflections
of the dream.
And I met a friend of mine by
the name of Sadie Strunk, who
was doing a fun YouTube
channel and had excitement
about connecting with me.
So I flew her out
to California and we
got together and
did the first video
that we shared on Facebook.
>> Right.
>> And at this point, I was
very aware of your show.
I was aware of Vashta Narada.
I was aware of Gabe Solomon.
I was aware of, you know,
all these different,
you know, people kind of
within this community.
And Brigitte Nielsen,
who I mentioned before.
And [INAUDIBLE].
Like, you know, I was like,
oh, I was stalking you guys.
Because it's fun.
>> Right, right.
>> I was watching and waiting,
and like, and integrating.
And so it was kind of like my
glass ceiling to think, oh,
wouldn't that be so cool?
Like, one day, maybe I'll get
to be on Interview with ED.
And this was still on
the Vimeo at this point.
And so I shared the
video on Facebook.
And two weeks later, there was
a message from you in my inbox.
And it was just further
confirmation, right,
of the imagination that
it's all perfectly planned
and the orchestration
of everything.
And then from there, there were
people within the community,
within the channeling network,
within the hybrid lineage
community that were excited
and supportive of what
I was doing and
began sharing things
and knew that I had
to build a website
and started offering
sessions, pardon me.
It happened very
naturally and organically.
And then at some
point, as I began
to get more integrated and
stronger with Bella's energy,
she shifted from being a
child into being an adult.
And sharing, yes,
that she is a Yahyel.
But yeah, sure.
There is a timeline where
she still is a child.
But it's more
appropriate for her
to come through as an adult.
>> And reasons being?
Or--
>> Well, you know, we can
learn a lot from the wisdom
of children, of course.
But there are some
things that, no matter
how wise or how
connected a child is,
there are some
things that you just
wouldn't send a child to do.
It's just not--
>> Probably wouldn't-- people
taking lessons wouldn't share
certain things with a child.
>> Perhaps.
Yeah.
And there are certain things,
especially with this lineage
and with the experiencers
and members of the program,
there are certain
sensitive issues
that need to be talked
about, things, you know,
that Bella is trained to
be able to hold that space
and to be that friend.
And that, almost like
a therapist, in a way.
>> So is Isabel sort of
the child version of Bella,
in a way?
>> Well yeah, sure.
We could say that.
Yeah, that's kind of fun.
And also like, she just
has a frequency, you know?
Like, all these beings.
The name is just something
that we have to use.
>> Yeah.
>> And also, her and the lineage
in her family always like
to play with words.
>> Yup.
>> So the Is- a- belle came
through very specifically
as a reminder that we
are all is a bells.
That we are all our
perfect channels
in the greater orchestra.
But yeah, I guess the two,
I do kind of have a slight--
but it's Bella is more
so preferred, like the--
>> Yeah.
>> If we really want
to get technical--
>> We just spent the
whole week with Bella.
>> Yeah.
Yeah, and even her child
self is like, no, I'm Bella.
And everyone else
is Is- a- bells.
And I'm an Isabelle too.
It's her way to play with words.
Yeah.
Thank you for having me.
>> Well thank you for sharing.
Thank you for bringing
Bella through for everyone
to get the knowledge and
share in that amazing--
>> It's my joy.
Absolutely.
And people can always connect
with her in their own way
or their own guides and
their own, you know?
It's happening.
It's becoming like,
a common party trick.
It's really fun.
>> Well I'll be channeling
at parties very soon.
>> Yeah.
In that sense, you know?
And we're all channeling
ourselves more and more.
And there's different
ways, you know?
Through art or music.
And it's just what it is.
We're just-- we're all channels.
>> Sweet.
>> Yeah.
>> Well thank you
for being a bridge.
>> Thank you.
>> And bringing through
all the amazingness,
for doing this awesome contact
retreat here at Coco Wasi
in Hawaii.
>> Absolutely.
It's all of us together.
>> Talking to the dolphins.
>> Yeah.
>> Swimming, playing.
Thank you for being you, too.
Yeah.
Aloha.
>> Hugs.
>> Aloha.
(SINGING) I am a high-bot
hybrid of vibrational virus
from the blood in love.
We are viral, via via.
Us, a vibration by us
from the blood in love.
We only know love.
Because we know fear.
We only see white
because we see black.
Not this or that, this and that.
Oh this is that.
It's all coming back.
I am a high-bot hybrid
of vibrational virus
from the blood in love.
We are viral via
via us a vibration
by us from the blood in love.
We only have light
because we have dark.
We are the night,
so we are the day.
Oh what a great, great, great,
great, great middle way.
I am a high-bot hybrid
of a vibrational virus
from the blood in love.
We are viral via
via us a vibration
by us from the blood in love.
Crown me.
I am here.
Crown us the nights of day.
The middle way sees the gray.
This is the moment we are here.
We only know love
because we know fear.
We are the nights of day.
The middle way sees the gray.
Sees the day.